Minor fixes in tools (#1329)
ARMmbed/Handbook: docs/tools/tools_intro.md

### Compiler versions

You can build Mbed OS with the Arm Compiler and GNU Arm Embedded toolchains. The currently supported versions are:

| Compiler| Download location | Name in Mbed CLI |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Arm Compiler 6.13 (default ARM toolchain) | - A paid version is available as [Arm Compiler 6.13 Professional](https://developer.arm.com/products/software-development-tools/compilers/arm-compiler/downloads/version-6). </br> - A paid version is also included in [Keil MDK 5.29](http://www2.keil.com/mdk5/529) | `ARM` |
| GNU Arm Embedded version 9 (9-2019-q4-major) | [GNU Arm Embedded version 9 (9-2019-q4-major)](https://developer.arm.com/open-source/gnu-toolchain/gnu-rm/downloads) | `GCC_ARM` |

<span class="notes">**Note**: Mbed OS 6 does not support Arm Compiler 5, IAR or uARM.</span>

## Arm Mbed Studio

> Mbed Studio is our new desktop IDE and is available to anyone with an Mbed account as a public beta. You can download it for Windows, Linux and Mac, and access the documentation at [os.mbed.com/docs/mbed-studio](https://os.mbed.com/docs/mbed-studio/).

Reviewer: @JoeTheGuitarist out of curiosity, was there a reason you didn't include Linux in your text?

Reviewer 2: This is old text, Linux was only released a couple of months ago. You might as well remove the public beta bit as well as 1.0 is about to be released.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mbed Studio is our new desktop IDE and is available to anyone with an Mbed account. You can [download it for Windows, Linux and Mac](https://os.mbed.com/docs/mbed-studio/current/installing/index.html), and access the documentation at [os.mbed.com/docs/mbed-studio](https://os.mbed.com/docs/mbed-studio/).
```

| Compiler| Download location | Name in Mbed CLI |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | Arm Compiler 6.13 (default ARM toolchain) | - A paid version is available as [Arm Compiler 6.13 Professional](https://developer.arm.com/products/software-development-tools/compilers/arm-compiler/downloads/version-6). </br> - A paid version is also included in [Keil MDK 5.29](http://www2.keil.com/mdk5/529) | `ARM` |

Reviewer: Hang on - are they actually case sensitive?

Author: They're not case sensitive, however, Mbed CLI shows the compiler names in uppercase, and the rest of docs and examples also use uppercase.
